# Confidential Computing Consortium

## Minutes of the Technical Advisory Council

*The TAC meets for two hours on alternating Thursdays. All members of the community are welcome to attend and participate.*

### Meeting details

**Date**: Thursday, May 2, 2024

**Time**: 7a-9a US Pacific Time

* **Zoom**: [Zoom](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/94618773737?password=4b2a5cdf-685a-4ea3-822d-24ff7ddab72e)

* **Calendar**: [calendar.confidentialcomputing.io](https://calendar.confidentialcomputing.io),
[ical](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/c\_c0pcihr7n2n1k3a38i32d9ag10%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics),
[Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/r?cid=c\_c0pcihr7n2n1k3a38i32d9ag10@group.calendar.google.com)

* **Recordings**: [YouTube TAC Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmfkUJc39uMjaB_I1dYW72I44kr9QzG_B)

## Links

* **Code of Conduct**: [code-of-conduct.confidentialcomputing.io](https://code-of-conduct.confidentialcomputing.io)
* **CCC Charter**: [charter.confidentialcomputing.io](https://charter.confidentialcomputing.io)
* **LF Training course on DEI**: [Inclusive Open Source Community Orientation (LFC102) (free)](https://training.linuxfoundation.org/training/inclusive-open-source-community-orientation-lfc102/)
* **Declared project dependencies**: [Google Sheets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UKnbbGWXYLjnPZsox3zmYo59nv3XSXjePfas5E2fER0/edit#gid=0)
* **CCC YouTube**: [youtube.confidentialcomputing.io](https://youtube.confidentialcomputing.io)
* **LFX**: [lfx.linuxfoundation.org](https://lfx.linuxfoundation.org)
* **Join the CCC**: [join.confidentialcomputing.io](https://join.confidentialcomputing.io)
* **Contact the CCC**: [confidentialcomputing.io/contact-us/](https://confidentialcomputing.io/contact-us/)


#### Voting members of the TAC

*Per the [charter](https://charter.confidentialcomputing.io), all [CCC Premier members](https://confidentialcomputing.io/members/) receive one vote on the TAC. Quorum for votes is at least 50% of voting members present.*

* AMD - David Kaplan +
* Arm - Nathaniel McCallum +  / Michael Lu
* Google - Catherine Zhang +
* Huawei - Zhipeng (Howard) Huang
* Intel - Dan Middleton (TAC chair) +  / Simon Johnson
* Meta - Eric Northup / Shankaran Gnanashanmugam / Henry Wang +
* Microsoft - Alec Fernandez +
* Nvidia - Fritz Alder +
* Red Hat - Yash Mankad + / Ram Pai
* TikTok - Mingshen Sun +  / Yao Zhang

   " + " indicates attending

#### Other Attendees

* Aditya Gurajada (Certifier Framework)
* Drasko Draskovic
* Dionna Glaze (Google)
* Henry Wang (Meta)
* Henk Birkholz
* Hesham (Startup)
* Jorg Rodel (Suse)
* Kanth Ghatraju (Oracle)
* Mark Novak
* Nathaniel McCallum (ARM)
* Nicolas MÃ¤ding (IBM)
* Ofir Azoulay-Rozanes
* Samuel Ortiz
* Wenhui Zhang (Tiktok)

* Ben Sternthal (LF)
* Mike Bursell (LF)
* Riaan Kleinhans (LF)
* Sal Kimmich (LF)

## Welcome

Dan Middleton (DM) opened the call at 7:05 am and reviewed the antitrust policy. 

## Agenda

DM reviewed the agenda for the meeting.

## Roll Call / Attendance

Since no votes would be occurring in the meeting, attendance was skipped. Catherine Zhang, the new representative from Google, introduced themselves. DM announced that AMD had updated their membership to premier and welcomed them to the TAC.

## Thanks Ben & Lily

DM thanked Lily for their contributions to the CCC. DM thanked Ben Sternthal for his help on CCC and welcomed Helen back to the project.

## Welcome New Community Members

Aditya Gurajada (AG), who contributes to Certifier Framework, introduced themselves. AG suggested a future topic on emerging quantum-resistant NIST standards. Mike Bursell (MB) stated that he had also been speaking to folks about the topic and it would be beneficial to combine efforts and possibly produce a white paper and co-present to the TAC. Bad quantum jokes ensued.

Dionna Glaze (DG) from Google introduced themselves.

David Kaplan introduced themselves.

## Old Business

DM reviewed the status of each item considered to be Old Business. DM asked that Ben work with Riaan on the scheduling of tech talks before he transfers off the projects. MB encouraged folks to review the Barriers to Adoption document.

## Announcements

### Repositioning For AI

DM briefed the TAC on the board's discussion of repositioning CCC for AI. MB stated that the repositioning scope is not just AI but better communicating the benefits and use cases CC offers. DM agreed and encouraged the TAC to think about what projects are being worked on in the SIGs. Riaan Kleinhans (RK) asked folks to get involved in deciding on the content so that a discussion could be had with the board by the June 15 Governing board meeting. Fritz Alder (FA) stated that he was unable to access the document. RK stated that he would fix permissions.

DM discussed the conformance/certification discussions that were occurring with the board. MB stated that it is still an open question on if this is something that the organization should do.

### Projects

DM showed the list of projects and stated that we do not have mentors for each project. DM referenced Github [issue #207](https://github.com/confidential-computing/governance/issues/207) in the Governance repository. DM stated that we could continue with 1:1 mentorship with the projects or have subject matter experts who help with multiple projects. FA stated that he will be sending a note to the projects to better understand what they need. Sal Kimmich (SK) suggested sending out another survey and stated that they thought the subject matter expert approach was their preference.

Aditya Gurajada (AG) asked for clarification on what was expected from mentors. SK stated that they can help with onboarding tasks, including security best practices and best practices for Github. MB stated that the mentors can help with community issues and offer bidirectional communication between the projects and the TAC. MB reviewed the list of project benefits documented in the Governance repository.

Dionna Glaze (DG) asked about badge requirements that were hard to achieve and/or not practical given the nature of the project, giving the example of signed commits. 

MB stated that depending on the stage of the project, different badge levels might be appropriate.

DM stated that until we have a change of policy, each member of the TAC needs to sign up as a mentor. Various attendees of the meeting volunteered to mentor and the table was updated. 


## Transparent UEFI

Dionna Glaze (DG) presented on [Transparent UEFI](./Transparent%20UEFI.pdf).

MB asked how the community could help. DG stated that there were a lot of enterprise hurdles and stated that if folks are using particular build services, it would be interesting to understand what level of attestation folks are targeting.

Discussion ensued.  

## Topic Schedule

DM reviewed the topic schedule and that TAC members have been assigned placeholder dates for presentations

## Mentorship

Yash Mankad (YM) announced that the CCC mentorship program will be launching soon and called for project ideas and mentors. YM asked interested parties to submit their project ideas as PRs.   YM reviewed the preliminary schedule highlighting that the project idea submission deadline is set to June 1, and the proposed term would occur from July 15 - October 15.

RK stressed that the mentorship program was about getting real work done.

AG asked for an example. SK described the attributes of a good mentorship project.

DM asked for feedback on the pull request by the end of the week so that it can be published by May 10th.

## Any Other Business / Schedule

Next meeting May 16, 2024

The meeting adjourned at 08:59 am PT
