# Confidential Computing Consortium

## Minutes of the Technical Advisory Council

*The TAC meets for two hours on alternating Thursdays. All members of the community are welcome to attend and participate.*

### Meeting details

**Date**: Thursday, May 30, 2024   

**Time**: 7a-9a US Pacific Time

* **Zoom**: [https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/94618773737?password=4b2a5cdf-685a-4ea3-822d-24ff7ddab72e) 

* **Calendar**: [calendar.confidentialcomputing.io](https://calendar.confidentialcomputing.io),
[ical](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/c\_c0pcihr7n2n1k3a38i32d9ag10%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics),
[Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/r?cid=c\_c0pcihr7n2n1k3a38i32d9ag10@group.calendar.google.com)

* **Recordings**: [YouTube TAC Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmfkUJc39uMjaB_I1dYW72I44kr9QzG_B)

## Links

* **Code of Conduct**: [code-of-conduct.confidentialcomputing.io](https://code-of-conduct.confidentialcomputing.io)
* **CCC Charter**: [charter.confidentialcomputing.io](https://charter.confidentialcomputing.io)
* **LF Training course on DEI**: [Inclusive Open Source Community Orientation (LFC102) (free)](https://training.linuxfoundation.org/training/inclusive-open-source-community-orientation-lfc102/)
* **Declared project dependencies**: [Google Sheets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UKnbbGWXYLjnPZsox3zmYo59nv3XSXjePfas5E2fER0/edit#gid=0)
* **CCC YouTube**: [youtube.confidentialcomputing.io](https://youtube.confidentialcomputing.io)
* **LFX**: [lfx.linuxfoundation.org](https://lfx.linuxfoundation.org)
* **Join the CCC**: [join.confidentialcomputing.io](https://join.confidentialcomputing.io)
* **Contact the CCC**: [confidentialcomputing.io/contact-us/](https://confidentialcomputing.io/contact-us/)


#### Voting members of the TAC

*Per the [charter](https://charter.confidentialcomputing.io), all [CCC Premier members](https://confidentialcomputing.io/members/) receive one vote on the TAC. Quorum for votes is at least 50% of voting members present.*

* AMD - David Kaplan / Harold Gilkey +
* Arm - Nathaniel McCallum   / Michael Lu
* Google - Catherine Zhang +
* Huawei - Zhipeng (Howard) Huang 
* Intel - Dan Middleton (TAC chair)+   / Simon Johnson
* Meta -  Henry Wang +/ * Kevin Hui +
* Microsoft - Alec Fernandez +
* Nvidia - Fritz Alder 
* Red Hat - Yash Mankad + / Ram Pai +
* TikTok - Mingshen Sun   / Yao Zhang

   " + " indicates attending

#### Other Attendees

* Aditya Gurajada (Certifier Framework)
* Bokdeuk Jeong (Samsung)
* Chad Kimes (Github)
* Drasko Draskovic (Ultraviolet)
* Dionna Glaze (Google)
* Henk Birkholz
* Hesham Elbakoury (Startup)
* Mark Novak (JP Morgan Chase)
* Mari Spina (Mitre Cyber)
* Marcella Melara (Intel Labs)

* Helen Lau (LF)
* Riaan Kleinhans (LF)

## Welcome

Dan Middleton (DM) opened the call at 7:05 am and reviewed the antitrust policy. 

## Agenda 

DM reviewed the agenda for the meeting. 

## Roll Call / Attendance

Since no votes would be occurring in the meeting, attendance was skipped. 

## Welcome New Community Members

* Mari Spina (Mitre Cyber), Aditya Gurajada (Certifier Framework), Ram Pai (IBM) & Chad Kimes (Github) introduced themselves to the meeting.


## Old Business

DM reviewed the status of each item considered to be Old Business and TAC Goals

### CC Summit Preview

* Riaan Kleinhans gave a preview on the CC Summit schedule. There is a schedule to man the booth.
* There is a 50% off discount code. Code: CCC50 [Registration here](https://www.confidentialcomputingsummit.com/?utm_source=Email&utm_medium=partner-promo-kit&utm_campaign=CCS24&utm_term=2024&utm_content=partner-promo-kit-ccc)
* A CCC member happy hour is scheduled for June 4. [Register here](https://lu.ma/6zazvj0a)


### GRC SIG 
* Mark Novak (MN) updated the TAC on work being done by the GRC SIG and how legal requirements affect financial services and data protection in the industry. The GRC SIG is a bridge between the CCC and legislators. MN shared a document on [Expectations of Ecosystem Participants](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X10ymjFgUy5NGPKs6Z3F_ERPwrgRuK23-9F2h3-LbWw/edit) that the SIG is working on at the moment and invited people to join the SIG meeting to further develop the documents. DM asked clarifying questions.
* Aditya asked if the document represents the work of the SIG or a company. MN said JP Morgan Chase has an interest in the work, but the documents are the work of the SIG.
* Catherine asked about the scope of the personas and MN clarified.
* MN shared a [document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jzoEWmPCeAWV_g6kcJ3pzX9_UdljraM_2qVnwW8sT_s/edit#heading=h.wir5oj6loeqt) on Confidential Payload Governance and continued to explain the work described in the document. The document is well commented and the GRC SIG hopes to finalize the document in the next GRC meeting. Discussion ensued. Henk Birkholtz (HB) shared the diagram on the [ccc/governance repo](https://github.com/confidential-computing/governance/blob/main/terminology/Full-Table.jpg)  and ask questions around the intersection of the document and the diagram, which was discussed.
* Aditya Gurajada (AG) asked which regulatory organizations are targeted by the document. MN continued to explain the legislative landscape that impacts CCC and how the SIG manages that. 
* DM thanked MN for the presentation and invited everyone to participate in the work of the GRC SIG.

### Open Issue review
DM reviewed open issue in the ccc/governance repo

### TAC Tech 

* Chad Kimes and Marcella Melara introduced themselves and continued to present their work on SLASA & CI/CD Builds.Discussion ensued and questions were taken by the presenters.

## Any Other Business / Schedule

Next meeting June 13, 2024

The meeting adjourned at 09:00 am PT
